thank you for watching on um st
patrick's day eve are you ready for a
guillermo
i'm ready jimmy what are you gonna do
for st patrick's day uh drink and eat
drinkity yes what are you gonna eat you
know the traditional foods
uh i just gonna eat tacos and spaghetti
tacos and spaghetti that's it
that's right very irish
this will not be the usual beer-soaked
parade
st patrick's day this year the cdc
is urging americans to engage in virtual
celebrations
in an official statement today the cdc
said they quote
recommend all americans stay home to st
patrick's day and get blackout drunk
alone like real irishmen
and i for one am offended but
we must remain vigilant the fear is that
a fourth wave of the virus is coming
the white house is trying to get as many
people vaccinated before the new more
contagious variants
lead to another surge it's a really it's
a race against time
and stupidity people keep saying they're
over the pandemic
which you know it's a virus it's not
words with friends you can't just be
over it
every expert says another wave can be
prevented
and we can actually put an end to this
if we're smart and wear masks but the
problem is we're not smart
and we don't wear masks we're dumb we're
dumb people
it's interesting i read the other day
that among our many
problems the planet is facing a shortage
of sand
there's a sand shortage because of
demand for construction which means
we'll soon have nothing to stick our
heads in
and over at fox news where
their nostrils are just full of sand
they are having a very hard time
trying to convince us that joe biden's
behind the wheel of a runaway truck or
something
tucker carlson pulled a tired old rabbit
out of his hood last night
going on and on about cardi b
and megan the stallion at the grammys on
sunday night what do they consider art
that's the question
well we learned last night the grammy
awards here's a clip of the only portion
we could play
when i make it rain
no more dumbo it's too filthy
why if this elvis presley keeps rotating
his hips like that
satan will impregnate our
of american daughters american
principles and it's terrifying i think
parents should be terrified
that this is the direction that our
society is heading towards and again
we are weakening america that's that's
really what we should be talking about
this is a weakening
of american society we are setting the
stage and it feels like we are looking
at
corrosion like we are about to see the
end of an empire america cannot survive
it cannot be sustained under these sorts
of values and principles
right right right deadly attack on our
nation's capital understandable
two black women with the dirty pop song
the end of an empire
they i'm pretty sure they said the same
thing about
madonna and george michael in the 80s
but i guess they have nothing real to
complain about
even marjorie taylor green is running
out of topics clan mom was on newsmax
yesterday
where she sounded an alarm at the border
you see the greatest thing about america
is this country is the place everyone
wants to be
and joe biden has ripped our borders
open and invited
over a hundred different countries to
come here and that's exactly what
they're finding
he's taken away all of trump's strong
border security executive orders
and now we even have terrorists possibly
coming into our country
terrorist and coven by the way a lot of
coveted too
oh well wait i i thought we didn't have
to worry about covenant
now covet is real i guess you two idiots
should be wearing masks then huh
don jr is also workshopping some new joe
biden material dj tj is angry that biden
hasn't weighed in
on the sexual misconduct allegations
against new york governor andrew cuomo
who is getting close to breaking
presidenti's all-time record
for sexual misconduct by an american
politician
your reaction to all of this it's my
listen it doesn't surprise me i wrote
the book liberal privilege because
that's
exactly what this is joe biden won't
even comment on it didn't stop joe biden
from commenting on brett kavanaugh or
any other republican
that's been accused of these things joe
biden probably not the best person to
talk about these things given his
history of sniffing children
etc but that's what it is sniffing
snipping children we want to know what
you are sniffing that's what we
would like to know if i was you donny
i'd stuff the word sniffing back into
the family thesaurus
and then the fraudical son gave us a
review of the work his father's
conqueror has done so far
i think it's probably the most
disastrous first 60 days
uh in the history of american politics
and certainly the presidency
okay all right name 10 presidents go
ahead
please sit wait i'm working on a new
game show for donald trump jr it's
called name
10 presidents and pee in this cup
meanwhile north korea has no plans to
make nice with the biden
administration soon after a long period
of silence kim jong-un's sister
chloe jong-un la i mean or is it
courtney courtney jong-un
lashed out she wanted she warned the
biden administration that if it wants
peace it had better quote
refrain from causing a stink at its
first step
we take this opportunity to warn the new
u.s administration
trying hard to give off powder smell in
our land
i'm sure it sounds more threatening in
korean but it's funny because north
korea thinks
these statements they make are sick
burns but they always sound like riddles
instead
it's like if you wish to cross the
bridge be wise not to anger us
like the cat who swallowed mushrooms
unwashed
and by the way it's rare that a
dictator's sibling speaks out
i don't remember reading about any stern
warnings from lois hitler
but president biden has been trying to
reach out
to north korea for weeks kim jong-un
isn't having it
i don't know if he's tried sending a
love letter i hear kim is really into
those but we haven't heard much
from kim jong-un at all since trump left
office
i hel i really hope the little fella is
okay i wonder how he's doing
[Music]
i will always give you my love
just a little rocket man standing in
front of a former president asking him
to love him that's all
oh well they'll always have singapore
trump may be out of office but he's
still doing a lot of heavy grifting
big money republican donors have been
pouring into mar-a-lago
for fundraisers and photo ops putting
cash into trump's candy corn colored
coffers over the past few years
conservative groups have spent around 12
million dollars on events
at trump owned properties now they go
straight to mar-a-lago where they can
maybe
catch a glimpse of trump shuffling by
it's like disneyland but the only
character is dopey
airlines right now are busy and cracking
down
on what they say is a rise of unruly
passengers
specifically passengers who refuse to
wear masks which
that's some logic you trust the
engineers who built the plane you trust
the people who operate the plane you put
your seatbelt on you know that's going
to make you safer you know where the
oxygen is and that you will use it
if you need it he trusts the air traffic
controllers who watch the radar
and tell the planes where to go but then
they ask you to put a napkin over your
face you're like no way
i do not believe the science i do not
the funny thing about these most of
these people who won't wear a mask the
vast majority of them
look better in the mask
this is an odd business story out of the
uk there's a chain of footwear stores
uh over there called shoe zone they have
500 stores in england and ireland
and shoe zone recently got a new boss
this is real we did not make this up
uh terry boot replaces peter foote at
shoe zone
and there they are boot and foot i guess
foot got the boot i i don't know but
i enjoy stuff like this i'm amused by
people whose names match their
occupations
so we did a little bit of digging a lot
of digging actually and we found four
perfectly named people who i am pleased
to introduce you to tonight
and first we go to olympia washington to
meet a state supreme court judge
and frequent wedding officiant hello
there how are you
thank you for taking the time to join us
hi jimmy
hi but before i reveal your name how
long have you been a judge
well i've been a judge now for 21 years
and the last seven have been on the
state supreme court
and how many weddings have you
officiated in that time
oh just a little over 650.
650 weddings and what is your name
mary you marry you
so when you when you do preside over a
wedding do you say i marry you
marry you that that's a good line that i
might try
oh you haven't oh can marry you
legally divorce you too is that in your
wheelhouse
oh we judges have a lot of power
overall would you say this name has been
a a good thing for you
or a nuisance no it's been wonderful and
i just have to say jimmy you know
having this name actually gave me the
opportunity to preside
over the first same-sex marriage in the
state of washington
oh wow that's a pretty big deal
wow do you have any siblings
is there an f maybe a kill
i have one lovely sibling with the right
name
okay well thank you very much mary it
was nice to meet you let's marry you
everyone and next week we journey all
the way to surrey england
to meet a nutritionist and a vegetarian
cookbook author
um hello there i will ask you first
how long have you been working in the
field of nutrition
well i've been a nutritionist for over
30 years about 36 years
you are a long time nutritionist you are
a vegetarian what are some of your
favorite vegetarian foods
oh i love i do cook a lot with beans
garbanzo beans i love them all i love
lima beans
i cook with black beans i make bean
burgers
i make chickpeas stews um so yeah i do a
lot of
cooking with beans and lentils i notice
you mentioned garbanzo beans and
chickpeas aren't they the same thing
they're exactly
the same thing jimmy thank you now
it's time to reveal your name go ahead
my name's anita bean ninabean
is there a mr bean definitely any beanie
babies
i'm married i'm married to simon bean
and i've got two beautiful daughters
their names are chloe and lucy bean
chloe and lucy bean wow
yeah anita really could it's a risky
name to give
well i guess you know it the last name
but yeah it's a risky name to give a
girl
who might one day ch like you could have
married andy dick and it would have been
a problem
[Applause]
i mean not just because of the last name
either
[Laughter]
well thank you for staying up so late
anita i appreciate it
yeah no thanks for having me on thanks
for being on go crack a window we go
next to jackson georgia
to say hello to a correctional officer
in jackson hello there how are you i'm
great how are you jimmy
i'm doing well how are things in jackson
right now
uh cold and wet cold and wet
yes we're experiencing some wet weather
all day
now your job i think we got a clue as to
what you do based on your uniform
you are oh and also the words are right
up there on the screen you're a
correctional officer
i'm not too bright and where do you do
your correctional
officer ring right here in jackson
i am a sergeant over our
uh high max facility here in georgia
oh that's kind of you must see some
crazy stuff there huh
you would not believe
[Applause]
i would like like three hours of your
time to get involved
i really want no problem
and would you be so kind as to share
your name with everyone
my name is sergeant robin banks robin
banks
is that are you married robin i am yes i
am
what was your maiden name my maiden name
was
wine glass wine glass
that would have been a good name for
anita i need a wine glass right
i need a wine glass every day yes yes
do you ever have problems like when
you're trying to make a withdrawal
well not normally because
when i'm in public i'm usually armed
oh okay
[Applause]
so normally i don't have a problem
well thank you very much sergeant
sergeant robin banks
thank you and last but not least we we
go to austin texas to meet a retired
urologist
which i'm already excited about this
how long did you work as a urologist
well jamie first of all thanks for
having me on this is really great fun
so um i've been in austin texas for 37
years y'all
37 years yeah and as a urologist you had
a particular specialty correct
well yeah i was actually trained in
urologic oncology but
uh since being in austin i've become the
vasectomy machine
after 16 000 vasectomies plus wow
i think i've earned the honor and wow
you have
handled a lot of penises and may i ask
what is your name doctor my name is dr
dick chop
i earned that name sir and
and never once did you think maybe i'll
go with richard huh
well you know that's my real name but uh
everybody calls me dick now so that's
the way that
whether they like me or not you know
[Applause]
please tell me you have a son named
karate i
don't i don't wow and does it scare your
patients
ever when you come in and dick chop
shows up at the door
well not really you know most of them
come in to uh see me for their
vasectomies and
uh yeah all the the past 20 years
all the gentlemen that come in uh get a
t-shirt
oh that says i've been chopped at
urology austin
so it's a good marketing tool yeah
fun great fun has this been good for
your business
overall being the job yeah certainly you
know certainly the
interesting thing is i retired in
december of 2020
and in the in the month prior to my
retirement
guys were coming out of the woodwork to
come in and get their vasectomies by
yours truly
in retrospect i think a lot of them just
wanted a t-shirt but yeah
right yeah sure i would love one of
those well thank you dr
shop my pleasure give our best to pork
thanks to all of our perfectly named
people hi i'm jimmy kimmel i hope you
enjoyed that video hit subscribe and all
your dreams will come true
assuming your dreams are to watch more
youtube videos